JUDY WOODRUFF: As we mentioned
at the top of the program,
President Trump's agenda hit
another roadblock today when a
federal appeals court refused
to reinstate his travel ban.
Tomorrow, Attorney General Jeff
Sessions will testify in front
of the Senate Intelligence
Committee's open hearing
on Russia, all this
amid growing criticism
some fellow Republicans
over the weekend.
For more on how all of this
is affecting the White House,
we turn to Christopher Ruddy.
He's the CEO of the
conservative Newsmax Media and
a friend of President Trump.
Christopher Ruddy, thank
you for joining us again.
So, we know you have
been talking to folks
inside the White House.
Last week had to have been one
of the most difficult weeks
for this young presidency,
with the Comey testimony,
other matters out there.
How is the president,
how are his team doing?
CHRISTOPHER RUDDY, CEO, Newsmax:
Well, I think they came out
of last week pretty good.
I spoke to the president late
last week, and I think he was
pretty optimistic about things
and happy that things -- I
wouldn't say overly happy.
But I also think that he
generally felt that he had won a
victory, that Director Comey's
testimony once again proved
that there was no obstruction.
The director doesn't want to
describe what the president
said to him as obstruction.
There is no evidence
of collusion.
We have a special prosecutor,
Judy, that has been appointed
here where there was never
an allegation of a crime
or evidence of a crime.
This is a very highly situation
-- highly unusual situation,
but it's also, I think,
politically driven.
And I think that that's getting
the president and a lot of
his top aides concerned that
there is an effort here
to undermine his agenda
in Washington by people
that want to focus
on these investigations.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, you're
saying it may be politically
motivated, but even Republicans
on the Senate Intelligence
Committee said of former
Director Comey's testimony that
they found him credible,
that they view him as
someone with integrity.
And he's the person who said
the president lied about the
situation at the FBI, and he
was afraid the president would
also lie about their meeting.
CHRISTOPHER RUDDY: Look, I think
Director Comey is a good guy,
but I also think he violated
bureau policy when he
held a press conference
explaining why he wasn't
going to indict Hillary
Clinton back in
June of last year.
The FBI doesn't indict people.
They just -- they're an
investigative agency.
I'm not sure why he gave
that press conference.
I think he violated FBI rules
when he interfered in the
election two weeks before.
He opened an investigation
into Hillary's e-mails.
The Democrats were very angry.
I think he violated FBI rules
again last week when he admitted
he leaked confidential documents
he compiled as the FBI
director to The New York Times.
Some people say that might
have been ethically very
bad, but also possibly
a criminal violation.
I just think that he
engaged in a very unusual
pattern of activity.
I'm not saying that everything
the president has done has
been right in this case, but
when you look at the facts,
you have to wonder, who
would you trust more here?
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, you
mentioned the special
counsel, Robert Mueller.
And you suggested -- I think I
heard you suggesting that there
is a question about the purpose
of his investigation.
I want to ask you about
that, because there
are some Republicans
out there saying that
Robert Mueller shouldn't
be doing this job.
Is President Trump prepared
to let the special counsel
pursue his investigation?
CHRISTOPHER RUDDY: Well, I
think he's considering perhaps
terminating the special counsel.
I think he's weighing that
option, I think it's pretty
clear by what one of his lawyers
said on television recently.
I personally think it would
be a significant mistake, even
though I don't think there is
a justification, and even
though -- I mean, here
you have a situation...
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: You don't think
there is a justification for?
CHRISTOPHER RUDDY: For a
special counsel in this case.
But also -- I mean,
Robert Mueller, there
are some real conflicts.
He comes from a law firm
that represent members
of the Trump family.
He interviewed the day before,
a few days before he was
appointed special counsel with
the president, who was
looking at him potentially to
become the next FBI director.
That hasn't been
published, but it's true.
And I think it would be
strange that he would
have a confidential
conversation, and then,
a few days later, become
the prosecutor of the person
he may be investigating.
I think that Mueller shouldn't
have taken the position if
he was under consideration
and had a private meeting with
the president and was privy
maybe to some of his thoughts
about that investigation or
other matters before the bureau.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, you know
for a fact that Robert Mueller
was offered another position
before he became
special counsel?
CHRISTOPHER RUDDY: I
know for a fact that he
was under consideration
and that the president
did talk with him in
the days before he was
named special counsel.
I think there's
a conflict there.
Look, my position is that
Mueller is a man of integrity,
but we all know in the history
of these special investigations,
they go far and wide, and
they go well beyond what the
original jurisdiction was.
He's bringing in some of the
top prosecutors that have worked
in the Justice Department.
This is not going to be
rosy for the White House.
And I have to look at -- when
you say there's no -- Judy, I
think we both have to agree,
so far, there's been no
evidence of wrongdoing.
There's been no allegation
that the president engaged in
wrongdoing or any member of his
staff did.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Let me ask you
one other thing, Chris Ruddy.
And that is, the president's
declined so far to say one
way or the other whether there
is audio recording in the Oval
Office, in the White House, and
that whether his conversations
with Director Comey
could have been recorded.
Do you know whether there
is a recording system
in the White House?
CHRISTOPHER RUDDY: I hope not.
I don't want any
of my conversations
with him out there.
I don't know.
I can't remember half
the things I said to him.
But...
JUDY WOODRUFF: Why do you think
he has not - - why do you think
he has declined to clarify
that?
CHRISTOPHER RUDDY:
Well, I don't know.
I think he was -- the way I
interpreted the president's
remark was that, if there were
tapes, that they would vindicate
the president and not Comey.
I -- maybe he loves having that
out as a mystery out there, but
I'm not interpreting that that
there's actual physical tapes.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All right,
Chris Ruddy with Newsmax,
thank you very much.
We appreciate it.
CHRISTOPHER RUDDY: Great
to be on with you, Judy.